I have
i
let sparrow propose a real challenge better
with what you want, you do not stay for
go out with the next girl that comes in
the door and I accept the challenge that we
We bet that you think that
lose wash the uniform of grimm asia
to the winner after swimming that the
thing
liz and hearts
and the usual waitress and the same for
the damsel
they would change these flowers your look like
cultivate and I with the brightness of my
teeth
It's mine already
and look at this I painted it myself
a moment that I'm a region artist
you're not good, I really am
You know why I'm blue blood
this lizzy
and I thought maybe you'd like to give
a walk through the castle on the back of a
dragon
you will recognize that it has been a walk
pretty fabulous something happens I would leave
with you but I have not had a
appointment in my life
good you'll see everything we've done today
is what is usually done in appointments
you know but it has been majestic if you
we may wish to stay another day
we could keep it a secret it would be
future queen of hearts have a
reputation but to send me des
Be careful if I do not tell anyone
soon